---
title: "OMAD"
subtitle: "What is it?"
author: "eatmeatandhodl"
avatar: "img/authors/profile_pic.jpg"
image: "img/omad.jpg"
---

### OMAD
In the world of social media, there are tons and tons of acronyms for everything. The diet world is no exception. 

I stumbled across the OMAD term multiple times and was curious what it meant. I finally had to ask one of the groups. Here it is: One Meal A Day. That was simple. I started reading people’s comments and reasons for doing it. My understanding is that you end up fasting for 24 hours in between each meal. Fasting is a sensitive subject in the Facebook world of carnivores and zero carbers. I understand both sides of the argument and will write about it on another day.

Back to the OMAD topic. I decided to try it to see how it affected my body and mental clarity. I started on a Friday and only ate lunch. I was definitely hungry by the time 1pm came around. I was able to skip dinner completely without any hunger. In fact, I didn’t experience hunger until around 2pm the next day. I ate until I was full and noticed again that I wasn’t hungry at dinner time. This continued on the rest of the week. The interesting part of this is that when I get home from work every day the first thing I do, is start cooking. It’s always been engrained in us that you have to eat three meals a day or five small ones to be healthy. Part of being carnivore is realizing that you have learn to eat when hungry. I thought I was doing that, but I was still clearly following eating patterns I had learned my entire life. OMAD was simple to follow and I was eating enough meat that I wasn’t hungry on the off hours. I decided to continue with it. I noticed on day 8 I didn’t eat enough at my meal and had to have some dinner that evening. 

I am no longer on the OMAD plan, but I am trying to truly listen to my body. Today I have only eaten one meal and I feel sated. My mental clarity remained constant throughout the trial and I even went for some long walks on those days without feeling famished. I don’t plan to do this again, but it really helped me learn to listen to my body. 
