---
title: "Staying Carnivore while travelling"
subtitle: "It can be done"
layout: default
---

<p>I am currently on vacation and realize that I haven't posted in a while. First, let's talk about some food options. The first leg of the trip my friend I drove about 2000 miles. Now, you're going to get hungry during that time and not going to want to stop for a steak each time. Well, I would love to stop for a steak each time, but time and money wouldn't allow that.<p>

<p>One of the two things we packed were dried parmesan crisps from Sam's Club. Now, I really need to cut dairy out but it was a convienent way to have something if we didn't want to stop. I also packed some Country Archer beef sticks, which I find to be the best option of beef sticks since they don't have the additives like most. Neither of them needed refigeration and I was good with that. But let's be honest, you just don't fill up on cheese crisps and beef sticks. So two good places to stop or go through the drive through are Wendy's and McDonald's.<p>

<p>If you go to McDonald's ask to order the quarter pound beef patty from the Alacarte menu. They range in price depending on which one you go to. The most I have paid is there is $1.69 a patty. Now, these do in a pinch but I find them to have a funny taste. The top is usually cooked well but the bottom is soggy. I have found I much prefer the taste of Wendy's. Just tell them you want to order plain large beef patties. They are cooked thouroughly and much more tasty. My guess is becasue they don't freeze their patties like McDonald's does. Something to note with Wendy's is that if you don't ask them to put the patties all in one container, you will get them all individually in a plastic box. I learned this the hard way. I posted a picture on Twitter and you would have thought I had committed a vile crime. People attacked me for destroying the planet. It was enertatining but annoying.<p>

<p>My friend has his dog on a carnivore way of eating as well, so this was great for us.I ordered some patties for all of us and the dog loved it. Very convienent and we didn't have to put him on kibble for trip. Now of course you can stop and eat at about most restaurants, just order meat without the sides. I always get funny looks and they keep asking if I want sides, but generally most places will accomodate. Some will even give you a discounted price, but some won't. You just have to be prepared to pay full price but happy if they give one. As far as Wendy's pricing goes, the most I have paid is $1.59 a patty. It generally takes three of them to fill me up, but if I am ravenous, I can do four. That's a pretty cheap meal. I do recommend keeping some salt with you. I always need to add some.<p>

<p>One other thing you are going to run into is people that are not carnivore still follow traditional eating habits. Meaning they don't understand that you need more meat to fill up. They will give you a small cut of meat just like they have, but then they have all the sides so they are full. You have to speak up and explain it to them. Also, they may prefer to eat heavy meals at dinner. I need mine in the morning for energy and to keep me from thinking about food all day. Now, my friends mom spoiled us and gave us some of the thickest ribeye steaks and pork ribs. It was amazing. But we didn't eat until dinnertime. I thought about food all day and ate cheese and drank coffee with cream to try and fill that void. I didn't speak up and I should have. Now, I am at my second location and for breakfast the cook was nice and made me two eggs, while everyone else had eggs, toast, fruit, and nuts. I love that she made me two eggs, but good lord I can eat up to 6 if that's all I am having. While they are still full several hours later, I am still hungry. I should have packed more beef sticks. ha!

<p>So you can stay carnivore while travelling, you just have to plan ahead, and speak up. I fly back home in a few days and will see what I can find at the airport. I am sure I can figure something out. I like to consider it to be adventurous. If you know of other ways to stay carnivore or have some great tips please send me an email under the contact tab. <p>


